Will it Blend? That is the Question.
Published on August 14, 2007.
So I was turned on to the “ Will it Blend ” phenomenon a while back when an Apple iPhone was blended.
“Will it Blend” is a video podcast of sorts featuring a mad scientist type guy blending random objects that probably shouldn’t be blended.
Objects range from the aforementioned iPhone to Tiki Torches to (my personal favorite) Halloween glow sticks.
The episodes take a pretty formulaic approach.
The scientist guy talks about what he’s going to blend, picks a mode (like smoothie) and blends the item.
The camera shows the item being blended initially, then pans out to show the dude in an awkward position, blending the object.
Once blending has commenced, the scientist dude opens the blender top.
Then the phrase “_ __ smoke, don’t breath this” will occur.
And the verdict?
Yes, it blends!
How could we for even one second doubt the blending power of Blendtec blenders!?
Of course, reason that everything blends is probably due to the fact that Blendtec produces the show as well as the blenders.
Still, it’s pretty damn entertaining for a random video podcast.
Plus when they do change up the format, it’s awesome.
Sort of like if you were watching Scooby-Doo and it turned out that the ghosts were real, or Scooby was actually a ghost, or if Velma and Daphne started making out like they did in the movie!